\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Perl Verilog::Pli Installation
@c %**end of header

@c This file is included by autoconf.texi and is used to produce
@c the INSTALL file.

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)

This is the Verilog::Pli Perl Package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 1998 by Wilson Snyder @email{wsnyder@@ultranet.com}.

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public License
or the Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file, with the
exception that it cannot be placed on a CD-ROM or similar media for commercial
distribution without the prior approval of the author.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

This package provides access to Verilog PLI routines from within Perl.

@example
  $NET@{a_signal@} = 1
  do_stop();
@end example

See @samp{man Verilog::Pli} after installation.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.perl.org/CPAN/}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip Verilog-Pli_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf Verilog-Pli_version.tar}

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of Verilog::Pli has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item sparc-sun-solaris2.5.1
@end itemize

It should run on any system with perl and VCS or other simulator.

@node Installation, Interpreter, Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this INSTALL notice.

@item
Type @samp{perl Makefile.PL} to configure Verilog::Pli for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile Verilog::Pli.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@end enumerate

@node Interpreter,  , Installation, Top
@section Interpreter

You will need a perl interpreter inside your simulator to make this
package useful.  


@enumerate
@item
Read up on the perlembed manpage.

@item
Make a program like @samp{perl_boot.c}, make a pli call for it.

@item
Add a @samp{initial $perlboot();} command in verilog to call the @samp{perl_boot.c}
program.

@item
Link in Perl and the boot program with your simulator.  In VCS, you need something
like @samp{ perl_boot.o -P pli_boot.tab [some_path]/DynaLoader.a [some_path]/libperl.a }

@item
You can easily write other PLI functions that call perl_eval_pv, allowing Verilog
to invoke Perl routines.

@end enumerate

This package is not for the PLI novice.  Unfortunately, I do not have
the time to provide help on this part of the process.  At some point I
will make a real example; contributions to this are most welcome.
